>> Rodriguez: So what HTML are we actually
gonna be using for email campaigns?
I mentioned that it's kind of a limited
subset of HTML that you're probably used
to using.
And it comes down to
just a couple of things.
So for the most part, we're gonna
be using generic containers for
setting certain things like larger
style blocks for children elements.
So that's usually something like a div.
If we're targeting specific elements
inside of a paragraph, then we use a span.
And then to help keep things accessible,
then we're using heading elements
H1 through H6 for those, you know, that
proper usage to provide those headings.
Other than that,
everything should really be wrapped up in
a paragraph tag for paragraphs of text.
If you want to, you know,
add that additional context and
help make things a little
bit more accessible.
You can use strong to bold or
use strong language to denote that.
And for emphasis, or
just use a span to update the styling
of that text inside of there.
And then the good old image tag for
all of our images, so nothing too fancy.
We're not gonna see a lot of usage
of semantic elements like section or
article or anything like that.
You can certainly add those things
in there if you want to provide that
additional context for people.
But in email clients if
you're using a screen reader,
a lot of them won't pick those up and
they don't support them yet anyways.
So it's kinda, not necessary,
it's not really necessary at this point.
If we're doing couple of base things for
emails,
they'll be accessible by default
which we'll look at this morning too.
But it's really about using
these very simple things,
relying on these ones to
get most of your work done.
Beyond this,
we're gonna be looking at using tables to
actually structure the content
of our email campaigns.